README.md, before:

# DevOps
## What is DevOps and why should businesses make use of it?
- Traditionally the Development and Operations teams work in seperate silos. 
- Friction can sometimes occur between the two teams due to their different working environments and perspectives.
- DevOps is all about these teams being able to work together effectively and sharing responsibility. As well as automating the deployment pipeline and deploying infrastructure as code.
- This can be achieved by CI/CD, which stands for Continuous Integration, Continuous Delivery, and Continuous Deployment. These terms will be defined later, in the 'Tools of DevOps' section.

## Tools of DevOps
### Source Control Systems
- Source control systems are used to track changes to code, tests, and documentation during the development of software.
- This system makes is easy to check previous versions of a piece of software. This could be used to roll back to a more stable version or discovering the source of an issue that a client
 is having on an older version.
- Infrastructure as code should be stored in the same source control system so that version control is being used 
- A widely used source control system is GitHub.
### CI/CD server
- The CI/CD server connects to git and automatically runs tests on newly changed software.
- This means that code is constantly being tested and makes it simple to identify which change caused which tests to fail. This makes rectifying these issues a much smoother process,
- An example of such a server is Jenkins.

## Cloud Computing

## What does 'On prem', 'Hybrid', and 'Public cloud' mean?

## What is SAAS?

### When should we use SAAS and why?

## What is PAAS?

### When should we use PAAS and why?

## What is IAAS?

### When should we use IAAS and why?

Commit message:

added information on the cloud and on prem

README.md, after:

# DevOps
## What is DevOps and why should businesses make use of it?
- Traditionally the Development and Operations teams work in seperate silos. 
- Friction can sometimes occur between the two teams due to their different working environments and perspectives.
- DevOps is all about these teams being able to work together effectively and sharing responsibility. As well as automating the deployment pipeline and deploying infrastructure as code.
- This can be achieved by CI/CD, which stands for Continuous Integration, Continuous Delivery, and Continuous Deployment. These terms will be defined later, in the 'Tools of DevOps' section.

## Tools of DevOps
### Source Control Systems
- Source control systems are used to track changes to code, tests, and documentation during the development of software.
- This system makes is easy to check previous versions of a piece of software. This could be used to roll back to a more stable version or discovering the source of an issue that a client
 is having on an older version.
- Infrastructure as code should be stored in the same source control system so that version control is being used 
- A widely used source control system is GitHub.
### CI/CD server
- The CI/CD server connects to git and automatically runs tests on newly changed software.
- This means that code is constantly being tested and makes it simple to identify which change caused which tests to fail. This makes rectifying these issues a much smoother process,
- An example of such a server is Jenkins.

## Cloud Computing
- Cloud computing makes use of hardware that is not physically in the same location as the user.
- In essence, a client will rent a number of machines for use as additional storage or to make use of additional computational power.
- This is miles cheaper than the upfront cost of buying the necessary hardware yourself, and can be scaled up or down depending on a user's needs.

## What does 'On prem', 'Hybrid', and 'Public cloud' mean?
- On prem stands for 'On premises', meaning that the computers on the premises are used to store the data or applications.
- This can lead to more secure, but also makes it more expensive in licensing and maintainence costs.
- This method may be favoured in highly regulated fields where there are extra privacy concerns that make the additional costs seem worth it.
- Hybrid refers to 
- Public cloud
## What is SAAS?

### When should we use SAAS and why?

## What is PAAS?

### When should we use PAAS and why?

## What is IAAS?

### When should we use IAAS and why?
